Ask for example Repository in bug_report.md (#1002)
gitpod-io/gitpod: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

<!-- A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen. -->

**Additional Information**

> <!-- For instance, relevant logs from terminals or the browser's Dev-Tools console. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- For instance, relevant logs from terminals or the browser's DevTools console. -->
```
